Download Korean Drama Torrent and English Subtitle here: Dramatorrent.com
Download Korean Drama Torrent and English Subtitle here: Dramatorrent.comAll characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons is purely coincidental.
Winner - 2014 MBC scenario contest.
Final Episode
Mom.
I'm sorry.
No matter how scared I was, I shouldn't have left you.
I should have, somehow, protected stayed by you and protected you.
It's fine.
I'm more sorry, Mom,
that I couldn't help you even once then.
Now I can protect you Mom. I'm all grown up.
I know right.
When did my son grow up like this?
I am Park No Ah, the one who called. I'm Sang Tae's homeroom teacher.
I'm Sang Tae's classmate...Ah Ran's mother.
Yes, I saw both your faces on the news.
I was also watching the events that took place at Myeong Seong High.
I apologize for being late.
Not at all. For now, let's go to my house.
I will fill you in on the details there. Let's go.
It is Ms. Han Mi Joo. What should I do?
Sang Tae, this punk!
Of all the things, he drags his mom in?
Bring them both to me. RIGHT NOW!
Ah, hello.
I'm Bang Wool's Moth...ah, I'm Jo Kang Ja's friend.
-Mom, hurry up and get in! - Who is it?
It's Father's secretary. Hurry, hurry!
Sang Tae, you come too!
You all go first. Teacher, go!
Sang Tae!
Where do you think you're going!?
We have to take Sang Tae too!
Sang Tae will be fine. After all, it's his Father.
Let go! I said let go!
Hong Sang Tae, are you of your right mind right now or not?
Where in the world is a son that would stab his father in the back, you punk?
In that case, where in the world is a father who beats up a mother like that?
Kids have died, but he will live all by himself, and be comfortable!
Do you think I'm doing all this for my sake? I'm doing it all for your sake!
For my sake? Don't say that it's for my sake, Father.
Because then I would want to die.
I would have to die in order for you to stop.
This idiot of a son.
You're just like your mother!
-You, where's your cellphone? Where is it? -I don't want to.
-Give it to me! -I don't want to!
This punk! Give it to me!
You, until this trial is finished, don't take even a step out of here!
Stay just like that! This punk!
Han Mi Joo, the day she opens her mouth...
Mom
My Son
Sang Tae, are you alright?
Do you think he would okay?!
When he's stabbed his father in the back?
Sang Tae's Father, don't do that to Sang Tae. Don't do anything to the child.
That depends on you.
You... You know I don't say empty words, right?!
If you don't want to see your son die, then close that mouth.
What does President Hong say? Is he threatening Sang Tae?
I don't think I can do it. I can't testify.
Sang Tae's Mother...
I'm really sorry Teacher. I'm very sorry towards the parents of the children that were in the accident but
I can't lose my son, too. I'm sorry.
Exc-
It's my fault for not being able to raise him with a sense of decency.
Feeling sorry that I couldn't hug him often,
I have taught my child wrong.
I'll take up the rod now.
I will make the discipline hard.
If someone were to commit a crime,
regardless of that person's status,
the world [should] punish the person fully in the face of the law.
Even if that person were to be my son,
even if that person were to be the son of the President or of a high ranking official,
if a person were to commit a crime, we should become the country where he/she can face an appropriate punishment.
The crime the Director of the Myeong Seong Foundation Board Do Jeong Woo committed this time,
is an inexcusable and serious crime of murder,
hence I request the court that the maximum punishment the law allows be dealt to him.
I apologize.
Power is quite cold-hearted.
Right?
Can I make just one phone call?
Hello?
It's me Do Jeong Woo.
Is there something else still left between us?
Ae Yeon, please come visit me just once.
Are we in that kind of relationship?
Let's meet just once. Please meet me once without Chairman Hong's knowledge.
If you need someone to care for you, fine another woman.
Ae Yeon.
The truth is that day, the last time we ate out together,
there was a gift I had wanted to give to you, but couldn't because I didn't have the courage.
I really regret that.
Even without me, you can go to Mr. Kim and
you can give my name and drink wine and live well.
Unlike a guy like me or Chairman Hong,
I hope you meet a really good guy.
As expected, everything was inside the vault.
That's great!
The ledger?
A bigger problem than that has surfaced.
Han Mi Joo has returned. She is at Judge Park's house.
What are you talking about?
How can you take care of your business like that?
If she opens her mouth, you know what will happen to me and you.
For her son's sake, she won't be able to open (her mouth) easily.
You know well that she hasn't been able to speak a word of itfor the past 10 years.
She's a woman who cowers even at the sound of my voice.
That's not it at all. Even a mouse cornered will bite a cat.
Gently persuade and bring her home. I'll meet her myself and talk to her.
She's my daughter.
She is...Yi Kyeong.
I did the same thing you did.
When Ah Ran's mother said she was going to catch the ones that made my child like that
I ran away because I thought I would lose my child that I had left.
That's why I...know you heart all too well.
Then, how did you change your mind?
Yi Kyeong's little bother said this as he watched the news,
"That's the school Big Sister attended."
"If she was alive, she could have died, too."
"If I attended that school, I would have died, too."
It felt like someone had hit me on the back of my head.
If it's really for the sake of my child, I shouldn't be covering things up
but rather fighting and protecting. I had that kind of thought.
Not after he's dead,
while he's alive.
What's going on?
Let's go get Sang Tae.
You have the right to get him, Sang Tae's Mom.
Legally, the ones who threatened the witness or the relativecan be arrested on the spot.
Don't be afraid and let's get him.
You know very well that he doesn't listen to things like the law. It's obvious that he won't let him out.
He doesn't then we need to fight him. We should fight and protect him.
You're Sang Tae's mom.
He's the father.
What is this?!
I told you to stay quiet. How dare you come here with the police?!
I came to get my son.
Your son?
When was it when you left, saying you would live alone?
Get out! Everyone get out of my house!
I'm sorry, but there's a been a report that you threaten your son frequently.
After we confirm that's not the case...- To which station do you belong? Provide your information!
Reporter Jeong Hye Jin of NBS broadcasting company.
I heard that your son is locked up. Is that true?
HEY! How dare a reporter come here...
Chairman Hong...
This is really...
Sang Tae! Are you inside?
Teacher?!
Is it you, Teacher?
Sang Tae, get away from the door.
Yes.
Are you okay Sang Tae? Are you hurt?
Teacher...
I've never seen a person like you in my life.
Like you've lived all that long...
I wish we could have had a discussion like this before, but
there hadn't been an opportunity.
How upset you must have been to get personally involved like this.
I understand that feeling more than anyone else.
How can someone who treat his son like a stain on his flesh understand us?
We know your two face very well, so take off your mask and just tell us what you want.
Then I'll just tell you why I called you here.
If it's not enough, I can cut a blank check.
You just need to keep your mouths closed.
Your son killed my daughter. That young child!
Such a cruel thing. I will treat it as the charge of murder to arrange for the maximum punishment.
Candidate Kang Soo Chan! Your unending greed
has made your son into a monster and killed our children.
So how is it that you don't even show a remote remorse...
Your husband died, right? You feel wronged and resentful, don't you?
I'll help you release that.
I'll raise your daughter with the best resources in Korea.
Madam Han, this country's well-being and your son's life hang on the balance of your mouth.
A mother shouldn't throw ashes on her son's life which is guaranteed to be fast-tracked and succeed, right?
Live with your mouth closed. Continue to live as you've lived. That's the best for you son.
I'll decide my own fate.
Hong Sang Tae! You would dare to butt in on adults' conversation? Wait outside.
Sang Tae, are you alright?
Yeah, I'm fine. Why did you come here?
I came to get you. Let's go quickly.
You two stay still.
You can come in as your please, but when you leave,
you can't leave without my permission. Sit still unless you want to die!
If we don't leave, it will become an exclusive news item tomorrow.
The reporters are all outside.
Do you think we would have come into a tiger's lair without some preparation?
I still have power to control (block news) that much!
I have quite a few reporters around me who can't be controlled.
The police is here and we've even applied for witness protection.
You...!
Let's go.
Hong Sang Tae, think carefully.
You're my son. You're Hong Sang Bok's son, Hong Sang Tae.
There are no sons that betray their father.
Mom, I'll just stay here.
Sang Tae!
It will be pitiful to Father if I leave, too.
Mom, go and do what you need to do. I'll do what a son needs to do.
- Sang Tae...  - Don't worry, Mom.
Dad won't hit me. He'll only lock me up in the room.
He'll feed me daily and even give me health tonics.
Han Mi Joo, if you leave, I won't give it to him.
If you want to see your son starve to death, go ahead and leave!
Go ahead and leave!
He's just saying that. I'm not scared of Dad. Don't worry, Mom.
So, go what you need to do.
Teacher, please escort my mom and leave. I need to stay by my dad's side.
Ugh.
The witness has gone over to the other side.
Prosecutor Jeong will arrest me additionally.
Please allow me to hang in until the election.
I said I'd take the ledger and meet him in person to put an end to this.
Just delay it for one week!
Bring me the ledger.
Ah, yes... well...
I've moved it to the bank safe deposit.
You know this place would runs the risk of the residential search.
Make sure to bring it to my office first thing tomorrow morning.
Yes, Candidate.
Yes, Candidate. It's Hong Sang Bok.
2005 Myeong Seong High School.
The truth is, the last night we went out to eat,
I wanted to present you with a gift, but I didn't have the courage to give it to you.
I really regret it now.
Even without me, please go see Mr. Kim often and
give my name and drink some wine and live well.
This is the petition for Gang Soo Chan's additional arrest.
What's going on that you're easily stamping (signing) it?
Since the witness is precise.
Since you've stamped it, then this one, too...
Seoul Regional Prosecution OfficeSubject: request for warrant to seize, search, and investigate.
Wait on this one a little longer.
We need to quickly search Myeong Seong Foundation's secret vault.
There's a high probability of Chairman Hong manipulating the evidence.
I told you to wait.
Excuse me... Do you remember me?
I came here before with Do Jeong Woo.
Ah, yes.
You're Head Director's fiancee.
Jeong Woo said I could come here anytime and have some wine.
Of course.
In any case, there's something the director left here
and I was waiting to see when you would stop by.
Just a minute.
I wanted to put it on you with my own hands but I end up giving it to you like this.
It will look very good on you.
I hope to see you wearing this necklace in court.
It's the best gift you could give to me and revenge.
Candidate Gang Soo Chan was additionally arrested in connection to the Myeongseong Collapse Tragedy.
The prosecution believes that the vast amount of Myengseong Foundation and the construction fund has been through the wife of Chairman Hong, Ms. Han Mi Joo's account
as the campaign fund for the Presidential candidate, Gang Soo Chan.
In the content of Ms. Han Mi Joo's record of negotiation showed many high profile officials' connection to this that
considerable impact on the political circles based on this trial's outcome.
There isn't familiarity to prompt an exchange of funds between the candidate Gang Soo Chan and us.
We have not received a single cent from the candidate Gang.
That person, aside from graduating from the same elementary school, we have no other special connection.
Of course, I have never met him.
Exchange of monies at the time of election is unfathomable idea.
This situation appears to have been sparked based onthe internal conflict between the Myeongseong Foundation's Chairman Hong Sang Bok
and the candidate Gang Soo Chan...
Hong Sang Bok that bastard stabbed me in the back.The thing I asked you to prepare?
Yes, Sir. We're trying to ensure we come up to scratch on the funds...
Match it the best that you can.
And confirm whether the ledger has gone into the three candidates proceedings.
Yes.
That account, is something that my husband without my knowledge
it's Kang Soo Chan's secret account.
In the middle of the process of the divorce between my husband and I, my legal representative told me.
When I questioned about it, he found me in the US and using violence against me and
holding my son as hostage, he threatened me in order to close my mouth.
But then, how did you come to change your mind to testify?
I, too... am a mother.
The school collapsed,
and with kids dying, I could no longer stay silent.
Because he is my child's father, no...
It is because he is my child's father all the more I had to block it.
My son could have been a lead in that tragedy.
If ignored,
my son could have also become a monster who's created that tragedy so
I had to do whatever I could to block it.
That! You call yourself a mother! The one who ruined your son is you!
Shut your mouth and sit down! This is the court!
I guess having a rich father isn't all good.
Yes.
Right now?
I get it. I will let the prosecutor know. Hurry and come.
Looking at it commonsensically, if that account belongs to Chairman Hong's former wife,
wouldn't it be valid to say that Chairman Hong has appropriated it?
So if you were to connect it to me, it's a huge leap in conclusion.
With my political life as the deposit, I swear that money in the account
Never mind spending it, I have never even known of that money.
The funds used for your election campaign alone, thus far, is estimated to approximately W35,000,000,000 ($35MM).
This amount surpasses the candidate Jang's publicly announced private assets last April.
That money, where did it come from?
I have just lived all my life as an educator so I am not very good at those numbers at all.
There is a separate department that handles the campaign fund
within the presidential election campaign, so I'll submit the data additionally.
People like us,
what power would we have when faced with political power?
If we don't supply the fund, we will penalize your school he says.
There will be some payback to the foundation, he says.
My wife whom I'm separated from, I had to resort to borrowing her name
in order to fund the campaign, didn't I?
This is a slander!
Hong Sang Bok received money from my opponent
and is setting the trap to slander me!
Setting the trap? What trap?
As the Prosecutor is asking with the evidence, I'd have you know.
If you were to compare the account's transactions
and the Candidate Jang's political transverse
one by one, then it'll all become clear, so
Why are you lying?
Both of you answer what is asked!
What right did you do for you to be shouting?Everyone is watching!
I thought the two of them would come out like this so
I brought a witness to testify that these two are accomplices.
As the witness is under an indictment on a separate charge, I request that court grant latitude in this matter.
I'm not helping because I favor you.
You look pretty today.
Under Gang Soo Chan and Hong Sang Bok's orders, embezzling the construction fund
and depositing it into Han Mi Joo's account is me.
The money I sent to Han Mi Joo's account
was flowed through Gang Soo Chan's senior secretary account as the campaign fund.
I object!
Right now, Do Jeong Woo is in trial for murder therefore his testimony is not reliable
In addition, he has harbored ill feelings towards his biological father
and threatened his biological father several times to have rise to the ranks of the Board Director.
I request a recess so in order I may submit that evidence.
The one that threatens as the matter of course is my father and not me.
I have just submitted that evidence.
You said you wouldn't contact me again, but how many times has it been?
I won't be able to even if want to anymore.
I... have cancer. I don't even have a month left.
So?
That's illegal evidence.
Please have them stop it, Judge.
please put him on the family registry.
Why is he my son? I told you to get rid of him, you said you got rid of him.
You deceived me and had him behind my back
Using him as an excuse, you've tormented my whole life..
That's why I raised him alone.
You asked for me to live as if I were dead and so I did.
Now I'm really about to die, you can't even grant my request to take in your own bloodline?
Stop talking about bloodline! He has always been a stain and disgrace in my life.
A stain I would like to cut from my flesh and erase!
He's your son. Kang Soo Chan's son, Do Jeong Woo!
If you don't acknowledge him to the end, I'll take this and
go to the press!
If you want to shackle your son's ankle and enter the casket with him, you can do whatever you want.
It's not hard for me to have you disappear without a trace.
The one who made me into a monster is you father.
Even just once, if you acknowledged me as your son
just even once, if you just loved my mother sincerely
I wouldn't have turned out to be like this.
This bastard has ruined my life!
This damned bastard!
You!!! I should have killed you already!
A monster made a monster.
That damned!
I will see you again in jail.
I'm sick of you.
I will be going first and will be waiting for you, Father.
Prepare for the appeal, okay?
Instruct the presidential election accountants to match up the facts.
I will see that Elder, so block the media quickly, okay?
I need to meet him. I need to meet him.
Why are you loitering around the court? I told you to stay at home, you punk!
This punk takes after his mother so he disgustingly doesn't listen to me!
There's nothing to worry about. Your dad is Hong Sang Bok.
I won't die easily.
If I grow up, do I become like Teacher Do Jeong Woo?
What did you say?
That's why you should have lived properly Father!
When I look at those two, I see us in the future. So, I'm scared.
What did that punk say?
There doesn't seem to exist Jeong Hyeong Sik's ledger, Prosecutor.
The accused Hong Sang Bok conspired with Jang Soo Chan
to compose a political slush fund, and forced the rough-and-ready consturction of Myeong Seong High's annex building which brought about the collapse of a building.
In addition, along with the Board Director Do Jeong Woo, despite the warning of potential building collapse,
did not even make the minimal preventative measure to run an evacuation announcement that
it resulted in 18 injured
and 6 dead.
17 and 18.
They were children who have not even begun to bloom (get older).
Despite that, these three people were busy shoving the responsibility to one another instead of showing any change of heart,
and have left the bereaved families with irrevocable heartache.
And as the person in the highest position of Education, the accused Jang Soo Chan who is required to possess the highest moral fiber
fronted his out-of-wedlock-son, and embezzled the construction fund,
and exhibited the hideous deed of using the money as his campaign fund.
His son, the accused Do Jeong Woo not only pushed the student who discovered his corruption to death,
but also transferring that crime to yet another student and such,
and committed simply the most atrocious and brutal crime.
The Myeong Seong Collapse Tragedy is an extreme example that displayed a gruesome spectacle of the Republic of Korea's reality which is rotten to the roots (core),
and it isn't a simple collapse of one school, but rather
the present state of our nation where the trust and hope of our nation has collapsed.
Without carving out the rotten root, no living organism can revive itself.
As such, Prosecution would like to issue the maximum punishment that Prosecution is permitted
to those who have shaken the root of trust and hope.
I plead 7 year in prison for the accused Jang Soo Chan
for the violation of special finance rule and the abuse of power of the office.
I plead 6 years in prison for the accused Hong Sang Bok for the crime of professional neglect and embezzlement.
For the accused Do Jeong Woo, I plead life in prison
for the crime of professional negligence and murder.
Other than the listed above, I plead 1 year in prison for the accused Joo Ae Yeon
who helped Hong Sang Bok in handling and using the slush fund.
For the accused An Dong Chil who carried out the Myeong eong High's construction under the upper management's order,
I plead 2 years in prison according to the professional negligence law.
You murderers!
Your sentence isn't sufficient for you animals!
Do you wish to live after having killed such young children?
Bring back my Do Hee! Bring back our children!
Bring back our child!
Boo!
-Are you guys human? -Boo!
This is unfair!
I was just used! But I received a heavy sentence!
Serves you right!
♫ I've got a dream that you want ♫
♫ All wrapped up nice and pretty ♫
In the end
the actual sentence was weaker than the plead?
Chairman Hong's sentence is the least just.
He is the core of the collapse and the prosecution pleaded for 6 years, so
How could he just get 2 years?
But still look at how he is kicking up the storm that it's unfair.
For having blocked the evacuation announcement, he should be treated like Do Jeong Woo with the murder charge.
If he would only do his full 2 years...
♫ Take me away.  ♫
♫ Take it away ♫
Mother.3 months later.
I said never mind, why are you doing this?
Eating or whatever is so bothersome.
Mother, you need to go and get fresh air or else you would be sick.
Aigoo, I keep on saying no, why do you keep on doing this?
Clothes or whatever... sending my child first
would I be able to think of eating? You just go on.
Mother.
Mother, today, I have got some spare money.
Mother, Ah Ran and Kang Ja, I'm going to buy you new clothes that's why I came.
Mother, let's go shopping and eat the sashimi that you like. It will be my treat.
Why is this ahjumma coming everyday and bothering me.
Let's go Grandma.
Aigoo.
Mother. Yellow looks so elegant so you look 10 years younger.
Mother, how about this one? I think for people with some age, the pink is...
Auntie, that is too showy.
Grandma, what about that one?
Hey. This one makes your skin shine so this suits her better.
Child.
That. Try that on.
♫ The way that I love all my days ♫
Mother, that is something young kids...
Who said I would wear it? You wear it.
Me?
That's why people believe when you go around as a high schooler.
You... all those talks of the past..
Mother, this is a bit... right?
So young.
Mother.
If my Jin Sang saw he would me slack mouthed
and ask to be married
and skip his meals for 3 days and night. That's how pretty you look.
Mother.
Yes.
Joinus
Myeong Seong Foundation Chairman Hong Sang Bok who received 2 years in prison for the Myeong Seong High's building collapse tragedy charge
He's been released after three months after receiving a special pardon from the President.
The Bluehouse (Whitehouse of Korea) revealed that its reason for the pardon was due to an assessed potential sudden death that Hong may face
from his chronic disease hypertrophy of liver which has been deteriorating rapidly during his prison termand have decided to take humane action towards him.
Chairman of Myeong Seong Foundation Hong Sang Bok's special pardon controversy.
Teach, what is that?
A special pardon?
How could he after just three months?
Secretary of Chief of StaffPersonal CommitteeNational Security
Ah yes.
Did you receive the thing that I sent you?
Yes. I received it.
Yes. It would be right if I came in person to send my greetings.
As of now, he is abroad so I will relay your greetings.
Anyway, that thing...
is something like a bomb that could put up and down the whole country, you do know that, right?
I'm giving it to as I put my life on the line.
Please take care of me.
Myeong Seong High School
Did you prepare?
Yes. I placed someone on his tail.
I can serve him up any time.
If it were up to the way I feel,
gathere them all and trample all over them,
but we will just break one of them to set an example.
The one that stole my Sang Tae's soul and make me rot in prison for 3 months.
That mosquito bastard.
Let's just catch one.
Look! Hong Sang Bok has been released after 3 months with a special pardon.
What a dirty world...
People with money would get out of [prison] in three months even if they kill the kids under the collapsing building.
Is that real? Did he really receive a special treatment and got released?
Hey! Do you think he would take you out?
Hey you go and make sure you do well!
I'm asking if Hong Sang Bok really received the pardon and got out?
I said so! Do you think that person would get you out?
Jo Kang Ja, you made a mistake.
Those who touched me, none of them are safe!
Hey, hey, but can we drop by a restroom somewhere?
Hey, if we stop the car we would be in trouble.
Who would see? There's only you and me and it would be just a while.
Hey, hurry.
Gotta poo!
This was what Do Hee liked.
I know.
So, I'm saying. I wish you would fill in Do Hee's place.
It doesn't feel right to gallivant around with just the two when we always did that with 3.
Because the basis of traipsing is 3, you see?
I have no interest in it though.
Hey. - Selfish girl.
We've been going around as three but now we're only two. Don't you find us pitiful?
How lonely are we for us to ask you.
It's Hong Sang Tae, right?
No. It's an unknown number.
You changed your phone. It's really pretty.
My mom bought it. It's my birthstone. Topaz.
I know, so if you go with us--
Hello. Who is this?
Yes, Teacher.
Nothing's wrong, right?
Of course.
Later, can you come to our house? I have something to discuss.
I'm on my way back from buying the fresh ingredient for the codfish soup as we speak.
What do you need to discuss?
Hong Sang Bok has been released under a special pardon.
What? How?
Kyung Soo's mother, Dohee's mother
all of the families agreed to gather to think of a plan.
Okay. See you later.
Ah Ran.
Ahjussi, how did you get here? You should not be here.
Of course not.
Hurry and go.
Why do you keep on doing things you shouldn't?
Turn yourself in. Hurry.
A little later.
Did you escape because you wanted to see me?
Am I crazy?
See?
You are my biological father.
No. You are not my daughter... my niece.
I...
I killed my brother by mistake.
You are my brother's daughter.
Hyungnim!
Hyungnim! What happened?
You listen to your mom well.
Take her home.
Hyungnim!
Where is Hong Sang Bok? Where is Hong Sang Bok!
I... I... I will tell you.
Jo Kang Ja, I warned you, didn't I?
Those who touch me
not one of them are safe, didn't I warn you?
I... am a person who came back to life from hell.
If you came out, shouldn't you go and look for you son first?
You son, Hong Sang Tae, do you know how much of a hard time he had because of you?
That's why I came after you.
You and my son...
Hong Sang Bok!
Ahn Dong Chil, how did you get out?
I came the same way as you did, playing dirty tricks.
Ahn Dong Chil, your liver is quite big.
If you want to see this wench die, then go ahead.
Die! Die! Die! Die!
No! Ahn Dong Chil! Don't do this!
I told you that the law won't work with that bastard.
That bastard that's like a cockroach should be killed.
Then you would rot for the rest of your life in jail.
Don't you even find me despicable?
I know you helped Ah Ran in secret.
Because she's your brother's daughter, is that why?
Because she's your daughter.
I was wrong Jo Kang Ja.
I pushed to you what was mine.
I was sorry, Jo Kang Ja.
Ahn Dong Chil! Get up.
Save me! Get me!
That's what the kids felt.
You should try to feel it too, Hong Sang Bok.
Hey, get me up... quickly, get me up.
Get me up.
Save me.
Save... save... save me.
Chairman Hong Sang Bok was found in the construction site
Why Mr. Hong went to the construction site at that time or the actual event of what happened
is not known yet.
There are rumors stating that Mr. Kang, who held a grudge against Mr. Hong, was the one who did that to him,
6 months later, Spring again
In the world there are strong ones (kangja) and weak ones (yakja).
We call the people who has money and power strong (kangja).
But among the people I know, even without them, there are those who are strong.
It's crooked! A little bit to the left.
It's over. To the right. To the right.  - There?
You are so frustrating!
My friend Gong Joo, even if her business failed
she still lives with a loud voice towards her younger brothers.
To them, they call it loyalty. Bang Wool's Lunch Box Restaurant
Hyung!
Did you live well, my brother!
Aigoo! This punk!
Is Hyungnim Dong Chil well?
Hey! Don't even talk about him.
Since I'm already here, should I buy him some food?
Never mind. He needs to have a hard time without me.
Don't be like that and let's at least buy some sweet red bean jelly for him.
Hey! Go Bok Dong.
Who is your real hyungnim?
My young friends who lived with punches towards other kids have now become gentle lambs.
That punk called it love.
So you're hungry, let's go.
- Hello.- Hello. Have a good day.
- Hello.- Hello.
Teach, your clothes look good.
You are super handsome.
What does that mean?
- Hello.- Yes, hello.
That means you're so handsome.
You must feel good since you're so popular with the students.
No, they are just making fun of me.
Yes, hello. Have a nice day.
The greatest fool in the world, the teacher who was ignored by the students
After that day, he is now the best teacher in that school.
The children call it respect.
You have to be a person who has a big dream and accomplishes little things.
Like me, you have to communicate and be considerate.- Hello.
A teacher who was not able to act like one
an adult who does not act like an adult, the kids know it at first glance.
Why are you buying shoes all of a sudden?
I wanted to buy shoes for Ah Ran while we were out.
Bang Wool, how about this one?
That color is manly and the size is big.
It's for Bok Dong!
Aren't you too indifferent to Bok Dong after leaving school?
He said he missed his mom.
Is that so? Then should I be a mom for once...
Aigoo! You're playing with the kids again. Go and pick.
Because it's the start of senior year and I think you guys aren't going out that much that's why I brought you out for a special class.
Take pictures of the view that you like and write a poem.
- We are doing this instead of finals.- Okay!
Hong Sang Tae, you can't be studying for something else during my class.
Put that away.
The food is here!
Thank you.
We were very late, right?
No, you just came in time.
Now, let's go!
Yes!
Bok Dong!
What's wrong with you?
Why is he like that whenever he sees me?
- It's because he's growing up.- Let's go.
Let's go together.
In the world, there is such relationship
even without money or power,
they keep loyalty and love each other
respect each other, that relationship.
The one that loves more is the yakja. (weak one)
But the world where the kangja (strong one) is the one that loves more
exists somewhere for sure.
Noonim, you're a fool!
It's really cool.
Oh Ah Ran takes after her mom as time passes by. She's strong.
Hey, you are too.
Anyhow, you may be stronger.
That's a given.
Hey, if a human were to succeed, he needs a dream and love.
You don't have both, right?
Do you have? A dream?
I will be a prosecutor one day.
There's an assignment that my dad left.
There's an account book hidden somewhere. I bet it's hidden somewhere high up.
That... I will take that and change this world.
I don't know about love... but I have a dream too.
Now it truly is spring.
When was it when we were cold and hurt
in our school, spring would also come, right?
If there is spring then there would be winter too.
In the world every spring has a winter.
There is a saying, "For every winter there is a spring."
What you said is right.
If the roots are strong, even if a harsh winter comes,
there will be spring flowers for sure.
Because you are there, that's why I was able to withstand it.
Because there were moms that's why it was possible.
And also... dads too.
It was a really long and harsh winter.
I think often about the seeds that are forever asleep in the cold and dark
and couldn't see the spring.
in order for the frozen ground to melt, I wish there would be a warm rain.
So that all those seeds that are buried would rise.
I wish there would be more strong ones in the world.
A world where more people who are loved would win
I wish that world would come soon.
Okay!